# Blooming


Our project aims to address the issue where many women, particularly young girls, lack sufficient information about their bodies and their health, along with the necessary tools to maintain their well-being. Adding to this challenge, there is widespread negative stigma and harmful stereotypes surrounding female reproductive health, significantly impacting girls and women. The problem is particularly pronounced among women of marginalized identities whose cultures have a stigma around female reproductive health, and women with limited access to information.

The audience we seek to support includes young girls, women from marginalized identities whose cultures have a stigma around female reproductive health, and those with limited access to the necessary information and tools to maintain their health. Our goal is for the audience to acquire comprehensive knowledge about their bodies, health, and well-being from a central hub of information (our website). Successfully addressing this problem would result in increased awareness and understanding of female reproductive health among the target audience. Measuring the impact of our solution would include measuring the number of website visits and user engagement, including educational modules and tracking their completion, and sending out surveys assessing our users’ knowledge and perceptions before and after using the website. Our broader measure of success and overarching mission (going beyond our immediate solution) would be reduced stigma and enhanced well-being within the target audience.

